clarified the possibility to change the configuration (#8360)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/microsoft-defender-atp/mac-preferences.md

## Summary

> In enterprise organizations, Microsoft Defender ATP for Mac can be managed through a configuration profile that is deployed by using one of several management tools. Preferences that are managed by your security operations team take precedence over preferences that are set locally on the device. Changing of the preferences that are set through the configuration profile would require escalated privileges and would not be available for users wihtout administrative permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In enterprise organizations, Microsoft Defender ATP for Mac can be managed through a configuration profile that is deployed by using one of several management tools. Preferences that are managed by your security operations team take precedence over preferences that are set locally on the device. Changing the preferences that are set through the configuration profile requires escalated privileges and is not available for users without administrative permissions.
```
